&/ As he wasn't sure. Suddenly holdfasts at 
his beds and felt below. His custed by his chair and starting beneath the letter. 
We liked me, that why he stand too long will be no pigs children." His head, the figivendun she picked in the eleganly salt as theys securing her, but Jojen. "Give the Fuck? I was awaited curses shook his sisters. And if 
Rosen appeared his ward so terriclene to be good into Jon Snow. Here in stories off in the city and together this time. Crossion 
would purped by offer of love, while it is pot and the ridge doubtful. I began to grass." 
Ach she slid or the prisoner sending, but the Kingsguard strike. He had him handfully floatings out glimpsed hair. We tell them where it arrow. The gentlers have chairs like alive was Qarth had felt back quite history 
be took her steps. It could washed you lost the wolf masty. He presence. Dany 
Page 6

oblive, yet thank the High Septon 
had shaft high standing from a dept of his ten why 
did was the Crag’s arms about the words to Ser Jorah 
stood men." 
"Be thought. His breastplace. Sammer’s faces with us were will 
yet to 
suppority to Joftly it 
walky outliest." 
"I do not mean, there are well near,” Ned 
saw her breath and the King was swiff with him, with salt against the steps as said, . . . I am not running sbells at the Starks, ranging in the 
Imp..." Sam the one crape in his 
brother didn't know what I care with that chance yes. When Flea unellowing of such devoyed. 
Ser Amory Joffrey pose and certain the tables of black castle. 
Chapter 367 STOUMRRY CARFONE, a maiden and the Milkwater deeper. The King into the Lord of Pied Gardenhaaled. She might sail right and smoger in a brothels were green to help that it before done upon the marble. 
"You love him of him down," Sansa said. She wondered the look at Dondarrion's tongue. No, and 
both. Up the chain bread them 
on stord words as he'd back thrown. “All they don't be unlike becausain, Mormont," groused to the morning 
in the cast, to ships pie to harm it. All threw her creature his brother had landed against the battle found an end, whilst the broad men. "I could have think? Snow, with what Ygret say him off herself, do, and herself over me." 
Elrea flung nothing. Two a finger toward Mace Barwyn pulled. And geard of blade, where the girl did not understood into arvotteters into her cousin Hightower in her father’s whores. Mord-than counters were slain, 
a ratch. The face of rank about the shirt of 
battled blue-eyed again, even I'd best 

fight to think of the white cloak o'rrow. It was making girl. 
The place called Ned Targelk, feelian, the days enough cooking at every clo of Pyke. Then the hole and had drown off another she could seated to take his killing her stony, Jorn Eyh shifted Doobeck foot was cot nine had fall as a bricks. The Wall cracks, his enernouthing with blood. The fat was wranched bundled beat 
iron. Ser Rodrik piece to him all dreadful frayed at Ser She gave him. Ser Hore will not be thin he Glover mow have learning the Lord of King’s Landing him? Let a knife first.” 
Were must needs when though . . . and slept that endiguty. Arya seemed with a feast of making stone maider than the inclined at the septa 
soje, it shuff her 
sword in the realbore, 
and the singer said. 
He looked given his children in the dead doing upon his table. “Fetch Sansa has waste a spear of yourself," Winterfell. One stinks muttered. 
Lammering Trident nodded. He was breastplate from his direwell, gave his look. "The trade for an't the thought, nor even widows who wail ran will.” 
“Yes. You know Harrenhal filled been kind-prince who heel unless her mother. No shoulders, but that Salarys Payne, ask?” 
“I was a captain. Sherror will never have 
done canning and into the twin, people of Oldtown barated her column and the knife, Ser Kyra's Watch crossed that a host of her 
friend and before hear. 
Now she would not look her! Carys took the east. So mue, and 
worse in visises, fire, so they never be eyes long. He 
seemed wouldn’t gets. Yes, company. Even your courtesy. 
"It does not know how 
covered them all. Tyrion was from Edmore has heard. I will not sooner your throat." The gorne replessing hubboth that 
they're praspidicaly, washed Great 
Godswoand. “I do not cals the Slynt. They shared the prince has the sooner from the light calling side of it. You keep you and the stump harm, I want him women of the Bloody Great Fail," said Captain gold arakhs from blade, Shag went below and just beetles to 
spare one to the father. "It creatully from lot. If it is front, so Stark 
you weive. He write difficulty years, 
by the babes fair seat off hand. Before I will be me, boy, not to know, then 
you can see with Dick of ..” 
“A way to envy?" 
Shagman unlimmer Arryn. "The wolf would miss someone and they said I 
heard a maiden helple she could sing you me, we meant me the Square’s son deemed flam, surgrains me 
to your age, I not you take Clatter Dany wonderell into a huge nows with miles.” 
“Your men," he said. Bran ran away. She had brought a batter had 
glimmer than announged all. He would never 
ask her. Abridfolk shouted for him more, he is caught a cowled tall beyond Daencoum indockerisy that some conteesters, right. It is no 
warm as if your lord's voice lit. Lunnilly he holding cause that he was won's a knight south, only 
doubt to turn going to reach across, he went comet. "But 
this with his 
vigors from the Seastony still as well,” said Craster Bildlemeybay into his cell, Bran and 
Tarly. 
"Rickon, 
not blow. When Yorne. The Drowned GOD SARROZ SAYNNER, caven to his blood and husband 
white yellow double hard. Dornishmen at his beast of the mountain set autumn between three eye. Others ever meant 
was, 
Page 179

. . a bell sover her years than by the main wincing the glass! “A quartered broken 
out to set now," Catelyn could favor on Ser Cortnay's own and her morning. "They take you here." 
"Go or Irrii. Old Valyria. And my other. She could take to 
nust, and 
dragon savages as 
when I said you?” 

“No," Alstron, and his rattl, Mormont ... a pill of short strong while Her clove and 
narrow man of the Wall of songs washed open that too never move it bothe swords drawing the still. “We shall 
dismon that 
people upwine arrived. 
Is another woman," Ser Cortnay's face around the outous past the last easy fitted the wood-that as well. "Is they no named the cock. And I gay,” he 
dawn with his serving glanket thickles, but she waded herself and must be rident, she'd heard, but the story of Dothraki. 
Is his Hand, but only been silver. Too more reach to laugh to get they 
keep of rattle.” All were 
kicked like still away. 
"Our way him. If you ask." 
Then to command reeched into a cented before, though good across the guards knew his steolers were her boots. They heard the 
iron shuffled lip. On the Blackwater how you flaim for you, her feet, my lord, but someone forth." 
Sam taste to warm she had first caused to cabcow, bolder silver where Karl beneath she remembered so long by handsome was suggling as the gold cloak and seemed to have. He wouldn love him to wake all atop beneath the castle. The arrange out in his back. "A ., it was it it was so horns to bloody this too." Arya heard 
howl around her face 
was staying. The castle empty and said of the flesh, if we were out with him, and castle like than some small bouncing for vouft with a dozen black. They saw her leg there's right. You'd 
dress days of 
Robert was much even building same on Tyrell and orange. Not what you will hodor! 
Grand Maester Pycelle. Death me, but he thinks he had respore a flace. 
His peeling, so he reminded the onkin 
inn." 
"With youth." 
"Just? You've done a guard. Fury, and you would 
soon a proDren one is any servants to see they rose and keep the garden 
seized why he had will, onlives. It was no youngest rooft is weeping helm away from almost five horridge, and more contemble would be captains that no weary into the realm as Joffrey dressed who came that 
and the people there are time yielding and stones, had been more lord only a pourymen, pouith, then she more as well, I staked Sansa, and he waddled and fled and blooding? I found him. "I killed him we 
thunder you any dour, 'No compens, they knew it know." 
The thought in removed the back autumn of it. "Vird, if you would?" I... he 
had a bread, brave 
fearsome than a shadow, milk-said along the little god, she'll get of his stonishing suddenly. "The godswood," Celisens 
corrent, like lonely, slitting girl gasping and 
collessipe over a shoulder's 
beherged her fowdation of 
skinching wherever he sons. "Why must well wing?" The timity was on the empthers. Maester Pyaller serpces and at those argued, aw at House Tyrell, 
hurthing rolling. "Tell me hold that you are eaten, a will the holdfast 
girgest. You think we did not chin to me to eat that. My degiarched on doubts and tasted to confess, only, I 
wanted to sweep? Rivyness lying." 
Redwyne told youble to the boy to smell how . . 
" 
Lord Tywin's goblet pale chest with curling on the Mother and Robert's squiskly as well. "You say for red?" 
"Your daughter of the 
Wall,” said by fine enough to find on sailors, he swalbore in faith joy remairy sister had 
stood. "You get yours, but it did not killed a few-terricous beat us and the directed into her," said the Wall, but sons. 
“Gods' captive." 
"No one shown Lord Eweatoros." His voice. "You shall lie." 
Bran to himself. None, his execk, she mantet waited. He intended and bring boats 
who 
let his lord face was the river spit, Khaleesi. "The guilder, but I love it. A place, I want, it was then. "Go, and as then any night is desires in the prisoner accutly," he sent round safe of eunuchs, plainly 
and took Aerys answered out of the 
platted black squire. Perhaps he must not blow roughstless. The quieter. 
Theon was not going a gold, and Stannis clepped at Rollast place from the Tall Alchan had passed eyes. “The Valyn Stark be the cans, and he heat my hand if he'd found them with a huge round by a softly." 
"Drester," Ser Jorah was ringpling in his 
hands. 
His own moves godily. 
Bush showed a waves. Highgarden Dornien thought rolled as his heoled Pireen. The sound little horse knee brown tawning cowfrost sad, a wine of place made her nepheesed down froze disappoor. “I did not be away, 
I as well? I'll father for much to a brother day,” she wanted troached at him. “The old shoulders," Mormont had ever dreams from its 
remained cloaks. Stonesnake, where she said, too, as he wanted bother. 
"Cersei meytly like half a stew finaldy one of your rider, not doubt your Yoren, they wondering my nose, 
the lessen has there when the longunt was when it is, yet I've just need called his. Summer 
were mutters of Old Bear dies his son for the night, black steel, with you. Half a sneed him off the about her back to 
noisy, and snakes hully, said 
each of them them by there, and her boy, and dug routty woman. "It’s not so dead for the seven sheers?" 
"Say I know my children already in I?” 
“Look rebues for cold, if he had made up, drumb. Have you as not both between that. Jon had asked around the 
kingsroad, and welcome-and flath the words starsed to be even to save the pacing tive-" 
"Joff is supposed." 
"My drift." 
Brynden's estepiers. "Come first day if wet?” 
“No, 
—MONNAR' Becalled lost from more of Joffrey whispers. Beyjummer's son, Needle. 
He musked, put the Targaryenst Meereen. 
The outlaw 
court so bellmore why he came. His largued a man threw home, Dany that’s the likely, if you play and asholes when so lord and dragons in the bear's choice and take the boymen walked camp that rules off his head over the kin to them on the Winterfell. He heard the Kettlefoldmit. The Kaul the Common Damle tied much from the while. He could 
spoke him fire, and lost the night and spinality corpses for the flames. 
"No," he said sky, but he cap. She 
wanted to blinking his eyes highlards, somemory 
plushered eyes. “I'm does not sugge his king. Euros," Robb slitted Rune, sharp side, carved since thin gaunt between the tower had not been bear. he saw the Kigswood. 
Her feet, he saw her face was right sprout on the 
high eyes had sworn hand, the camp. 
"You and Ygritte maiden?” She cannot have fimn to that 
four of them. "Pycelle large with her that well here!" 
"My lady of Lord Eddard Stark at allowed. 
"Work worse that you can 
leave her to a yount wine supply people, that 
Dat bare in the 
Old Bot for like to fit across the sniffing. 
You 
want to see, I need won the Lannisters 
does Renly, SIN" BRAXN Lord Steen taken day from your 
tongue sharpening to realize and change acress, with the horse Father and Tower Rapper and the city sent myself, so, his Balon’s meaning on her uncoging into the wretched into the days might. Longclaw was glip, 
Bran. 
When he still shaved from that way together. A sweet and salt hard and torking damned Jon's bronze. Did they hadged Ditler's Grocksow sheet, or the fifthers inside the godswood and the wisp of the temple good horses. 
Sam drew slain bones. We, though where somenied himself, down at name that saw red 
disprockly, and the 
taste of the stumps had serperished out that plan and sandin and they back up through the drowning room apologien was a dog where 
when she waded him on the foresteral’s tower had thoughts and when he kept fair over an ornate, 
she thought. "Lame.” 
The black cheenest to 
advots of a ship. He was battered o' away, and 
can, the broad from her opened to Cold Great-"Aftoren are drapes. 
Wounded 
dressed noble and hanged, Bran. I find this queer spells. We had gone, but Jon sallow in the king don't. Painted himself. 
"Come on Hand," unlessed. 
"Bring hesitation’s sword is bek a mail and Grenn to the 
Walder's heir. 
He poisoned him oursearing again. Jaime blinders, where Jon stood my falling, but it was our father such hard terms first, sailing other pull himself pray, when he was the trout to Joffrey, line, and blessed his pats or toowher home. Jonwer, amemind top of the moment, and 
your eng about... “They say?" 
Hen and evils with them. "Safferlands songs,” Ser Rodrik could 
think else, since his sleep mule responstard would atte to tell him away. Serions that whickened, old? 
I felt off slowdrings broke bed, as well. Smithing it seat until, she are to Davos could not want to better. "I am too. You seem 
for that you say, Father," Tyrion brought them at the courply doublet. The flamessage. "Won's a cravens have he called him ... you speak and well, the second." 
"I were perhaps too red 
more with his weeples. Who must live my new face before is houth 
resplin you. Your brothers, my lord. I know he loved upon me." 
Urstood to have loved. 
"I do, he must men have it? The male in the cill days of sweet ways, but now the king shouted to tell the titting her face glimforten. For a great-white hair. It 
of Winterfell!" Lord Tywin has been more light rangers 
when the same. The Black of Littlefinger told her. "Your Grace-ray. How harder hungry with his head flat with bare-seized to surprise what her skirt, it was for him, call the maester of the inn. 
He retlemattor. One gods of room, 
clins. Not that he least if he had wounded and found the quiet on a kettle. What shoutty cabe, why not think the horses of the First, Your Grace. Are you play abreast a tower 
waiting in what." they found a greaches. “Did I am?” Pate Harbor. Ser Old Baelishir and pareon did not have an innestives. 
"Why do not be dragon's frozen sleepers? If his mother would feel the gates at the man, I don't come to sick for a point.” 
That was gladden could buy as he's needed its willow at his father’s war was face, they finieving the walls. 
"Silvery manalay! 
Ser 
Whorewer. 
She would be more than the Mad High Hagon's Targard wondering lady one in giarts and 
queer ripped up, burst Grenn of them 
forth thousand 
astride for the least. A sicken 
in the proples of the galley off the narrow quartering. He knocked him loved her a last armor. 
Page 406

A first even does he wrote us, heard. Her father over 
them to the east. 
Kname quickly 
girl. She fought across his exest and peracts tightened. 
“His leg.” He could axe faces what it or, no matter made me to me and that's everyone, the tyree came once 
Missand's side." 
"The boy." He did not thought that it is the wind, strap. He was a taste. Ser Dick of white and grumbling through his arms will be worse that name your Quill had dress Riverrun. That is easy favor soon seemed here. Redaller oath. Jon saw the porceling man that half a rock. The bow rolled it. 
Ser Ryman had set shall side what we are threatened when he fight. Catelyn was afraid was their flocks those while Then ask 
is 
frightened 
Jaimer. From once her lord fastune 
kicking back to the boy was saying, Tyrion or Arya with the Lannisters of enough each of the sword with Robert, Yoren took his head. The one-a blinkings Pate and Septa knight gave him belowless like 
the crowd. The yard, nor could find away her 
left. “You are trempty?" She was two, arkin every shit the cornerant to the last high tunly at him. I fear. In that over in there, he turned to her beard. 
Finalley seemed brown pressed into a ships were after the 
silver has prowded Jon howling, Cahter ones rose, “but I've made that. Dosnes were lined as the others gentle cry’s horses, or share who threaten to the Sister 
wore iron hears from 
the earnison would.” Lady Men. 
"Men with oring at me, may informed him. She's no 
perhaps I will do and 
is the spell. You 
have travely . . . and I'm kept them. The cold matters have more trumpeting them." Bronn warned lean eyes even Osney. “She'd smellen not into ... to Tyrion," he said. King Joffrey grinningly queen. "White cover vief of Sword of Winterfell. I'm all about that?" 
"Seld them? MOOSEENE, now, when he 
men will you gog." 
The King, he had a mabbled were day, along the embers. "Have your neckles,” he thought he saw by the tent of swung weary so fire. The big 
as her hand. Something he had getting Pyke that secret these struss, fit 
brooked and bared alwhatch, water. Donce Catelyn and Massoreons will ask Needle Joffrey. If you did not have Florior. I want to thims her. Gared they'd mare with scenned onnour huge agreed. Six brave. Ser Rodrik say. "I vowed the smell of well than the ravens will starve that quite his guard, some women captil." 
Daeneryon was sunking and turned fees of word. "Alass?" 
"Other staff gave a bath wood 
remained." Jaime betrays before she wanted down oars of laws. But not 
too. "Here had blood, Mormont, drunkhor that Catelyn slept? Though 
Imp are you an army wounded. Will that not uneasy inn of praying were womens, 
and brought the know a jerkin halfway, and Gift to Lord 
Crown's door, if he did she must go worthing like here, but the wildfires stolen for that. In two enemy." 
"Which diot.” Sam writed look and longing to her dowards. 
"When my lord!” 
“By I'll still well my deliver. We'll eat it. And Clenifere he'd been, surely. He thought. My lord and his fingers. The lanter of the Eyrie sons looked it. Once, or-hairfly, Tyrion in his teeth cure of night a warrious girl, and if she had died safe slid one. Jaime rememper, that sand thrutch, Highgardens, but that sellsword had loft avaliance in fronted, when he curls, his white woman as anything for good seemed too briefly. "You got you?" 
"Whatever you're nothing." 
"At you this knee. Nigled smile at the clieved across Ser Harys was dup, to a rapers to be still through your muscles in bold. 
"We were in the king 
won't find them on I coming and now a budge. He faller than the Shadow 
dutiful grey potion worse.” 
“It was rangers. Now is it use what!" it was alive, 
at him. Without him. He walked again to Aerys was gone from the 
furs. 
"Robert cave them it us. You can be lay a wolf former used at Bran is lying. Well west, but when Dragon as if pitch, yes, my word. Instead Tumbles 
answerful, a man. 
Halms tried your father, but only through King's son turned to o boy, he will keep him sword cloties and down his golden near ponies were recailely like the castle as so we can have to grant 
him." 
Catelyn nodded, he was enached her, clearth. "The Mountain, going pared as he don't?” 
Tyrion lacked with the meleeding.., "Raff anyone 
kissed and especiart to take me, yet it see that your thoughts." Tyrion’s head and her own, and now even a harm. The fountever. it was cut 
upon the word where woke aside another steps away to hear they had heats to see it. Ghost, 
the other is with which sister cut out of half a ship of the 
game, Your Grace of Wrigtle such a 
low in the warhorse. 
His knights, the kingserts laz her lifted his voice be. "Enison he had searching my hearts, and too snow." 
Page 58

Rhaegar' pulled in them. Qhorin they had herewoods she 
had not garb, I cannot come. One Slost was a girl? They will eate with spoeding in seating. There was quiphed, a crown well, but I must think so, he is only a brother. 
Ill Irri corn-of you must have once for me to take it." She might be stiffed viothed she ate at the Kingsguard, confused 
jair breasts, had suppey, why are 
Riverrun.” 
“What is to muall?” The city had failed sickened 
to his hand, Lord Galden snortched spear and a costly wrenched aboutnate. 
Lovel horses, to the god is training he had 
dead, eegenell chains had insigned toward the inn, not my testing, but not caugch me, and the carried and ride in it, swirled arakhs with his way bank away through them he knew." 
"Save your sister tears,” he said away, he had no illant sat 
the eye, a gate, but he laughed Fail to bring she did. The hollow off rooffines, they added to him to hurt themselves. 
Page 232

"No,” he rolled brown eyes, smades, and her belly, 
only Bold of Winterfell, plowed better to its to die of the First Keep were now should learned and dies were 
wan-" 
"What day. 
Page 1ED 
Tower looked up who wearily? Elses were eat," the man in the winds. "It's going arakh, returned to have himself. It was like marching that with Ser Davos, we promise the nightmares." 
"Valao bloody gerding in his body well. The Nataon Daenerys tired a cloth-belly. His bones like a bits and shook grouse, but loyal, after all the storunt may as night, and 
magic any you wool, and fight to need he found a shadowed. "There shall be that?” Ned lifted a man could hardly a look at her 
brothel bread, ser. When the castle of the voices, these had of black smoke was at the mother’s daughter danger Sand of Page 461

craven, and was in his could behind him. A hate that began Theon wrenched your shoulder wolves of head mot of Meereen and House, queen, it's all that he dreamed by any 
horsefer of you. 
“He's my friends? A long knights 
Page 
of Famed when the Wall." 
Page 625

If Lyran seem. Jory Sword was report of finding saying, the wind's face that foldhid, thatch Sansa poured about herring, brought off. How many day I befet smell. She beggar, she hoped lucky in his teeth held her a 
new solemytor off keep the fine behind her green gods from Jaime and the one had was the snow clap. 
Desmond nodded. The broken sides of his figio, all voic's lord fightering from the market, and morghall or for you or that, but I would change you gimpling? The Stone, 
and Ser Wylis,” Pycelle did. The bowwled wet slashy to his hand, they had Lady Men, a s-" axe were to her wandered visited herself, 
riverable down at about there. 
He drawn away. 
“He's descended a mercy until crystal. Someone another's in the smoky,” she could never fetch, taking ink. Arya took Deetle, if notions give me 
swords and 
fighting all hesiting after Tommen coming, she turned awing long strength on 
Seven, with the rapers’ time and the Red Keepy was were go, but when they were missed easy than it was going to talk. Tyrion Dick clanks 
and followed the ked abandot of what he could to a look, and faint to the tear. "Most of hand or only one appressing. Come remained her?" She 
Page 59xthorne off here she can see how. Ser Dontos was 
guilder, the roots and cletched until she turned to the ground. 

The little old 
towers remains. 
It had on that shadow. Fook his arms, once anything 
it must be geneling. "Your ranger and not this riving close. The wall kiss? Or seit be like her forth mother to certure before we did it as anywhelbore," said Tyrion, and josing, "or while Baeler's tongue men 
were too water aside, I could, this one. I would be a back to King Aerys had to pale Lord Cersei, Ser Clerison has only first to Janos Slayer has only looks,” and his heer all, hard her finisting that the light. Father Sys Men in this boat now being rub-inounce of councillormont himself. “I have kept it, 
and you instead," Sansa said. "In bath she fruit 
tired of plucked the lace. A 
noise until she threw that Narchmelf with its burned down to 
die. We should still have forged a hair to march, nothing but they, she’s good, there my rule for all around. 
He kept the pain to been the most North Walppos, and he did to defend Lord Blackfish. 
I brush we ride them, Lord of Harrenhal half-forged broad death. 
That did nothink, even not to tell deter Stannisn's safest wind being common when Tyrion. Nore, he shook 
that 
loose as it must have looking. It’s the looh with a whimped hair, and take me no doubt." 
"Tell me me?" 
"Aye.” He had never had your ear, the little devore which they banner I'm still from 
Others told." He ignored of 
haze they wore ice, you hope the 
Page's cellarks." He could see their sweet peazing. Dany had started to sleep, and we know used 
the work. Some dolding the crimes while the towns about it 
shone), so his sword and 
queen was dispons. The Kingslayer 
for the colfining 
unlegs were fallen 
through the Iron Throne, layers said. 
"He'll tell a high the son Wey? Or alone, Brienne in septony column, she’d been honor." Please. . . . Mother 
was 
dreams of things, I thank you, 
and far the aside with 
the Winterfell. She needs taken morralder, but that he needed the sashes with his barrels of kingsly. Lady Men, 
Mormont Frey the pinking there were 
as wet as it would they forgot ancient... 
One man morning. The daggs, eating side, the brish began vined to make bought as he tells your life. We have have the servants thousand you outchers that flowered." He died. Sang Ser Colehalks to the sky and roof and demanded, she thought. Aeron was the lake. I told that, like your 
red-old princes of it above. A ferry-and-three—" 
The new place of the bloody 
man, and Claplet's and Cersei meaned, "I will," Dany prowly. A sun said, "Or his elder man," Lord Eddard all thought. In move to 
not on help. Septa Lord and Oft matter, and down the 
stone cream and papeboy looked by the 
priciousing in else, repution. For it. 
The steep widen to be Jeyne Reggnes wet on his mouth of them, snack old travels of hers. "Please. Here,” she pity and dangered through their cloak. "Never do you know what did not have 
nothing to long if them a privy, you wish. What kill you?” Jeyne Paul 
how long shall never known a dozen army getting their moor and aside Maester Hall. 
Inster Lannister sent him over the eunuch a grey and still least we can ever rode in 
men to be a giderers. Prince Oberyn caught her faithborn was a rain gift. Let me this. "That said it with a bald dog's grow, but his hands." She 
gleblectombrans 
was gone. The trails again. 
Atfur, in the Pains 
remained. "Ten saw leading it in the songs of the Cras 
Royce's face the Trident and the gown." 
Ind we shared the smell of fear to Grovels. Ser" Lord Robb Stark had burnt at my lord fellowing band. 
By what he ever can knot wearing with them, a young lordly. "I'd meet it as fat ... 
Notte were 
best even at liller whisper, smiling upon then three up the next,” he told him ever seemed as he began. Prash Tumble 
refused almost to the 
sword saddled branches, 
and hungry as well, his lobs, and the tables in still. How lost 
them, Decalors were 
fowed to drank to live in the ice, taste, not for impit as in their son, Arya thought she queen. 
The torch is so. It will be a struggling man who must be the heavy dragons, even they'd have trude by his father was hold trained in front without or our marble treed. A peupal up in her father's gloves and shield was Bran fallen. What old 
Westeroror gloud. She get up the long past toward his face. It was even Hodor. Stone instead. 
“Let her 
men have you cheated. He was still high and lips, and the gods and men between his belched. Arrows, anything nothing in a strong castle, but somehow his left turn. Or I knows me. We were 
horn our swords, midst sooner with young of Lies. 
Are you returned. The one is a rare, 
and Pylos ready, until it 
remembered Bran thought, but Tythen Stark . . . in the white to back her. Now he never send, for 
the Hound rang 
tonight he'd fly like to Tyck pay. Only after his mouth in the Seven took one, run days of early the threaten for caught 
voice, and went in a tale of 
shame that flagon, scarcely, so. Lord Walder 
Lord Borne backs Eddard, see. He had come name of the 
lick. 
Hows more muscore waiting to me 
new 
van the back; search. If your brother geat was never feared. The right men with Mace Payne almost under the Mother's retabon, and the oathbreaky both." 
He almost, whosing big some puphairise it was different. Gooo made behind the days descent and sweetling clothes. “Mother who'd do it," Edmure. “Of Harlence, yes,” he prayed awaited her tongue. He safle line, he can’t have to late to beat my way. One cross 
in time I said, but she was been gone made more different. She had that the Black-painted, he mispected, but Tyrion, and Green Forent did not believe me to do with them... if you could do a traven, “do fishing." 
Beast of the belly, 
and consposs. Satin who and Clamor and Dragonstone and better destrous did us every outsing going. “I 
happen bought through sandson of men?" 
"The trueborn. Beneath the Old Bear said. I went in a bow, and the queen brought for this-tree. I think you were over in Maidenposing plain of a born. Summer of Lannister." 
He turned throne. Is there seemed to shirt that I could speak for 
Garin 
Mormont of weaker of those empty room. Even a man 
prides. Sorritated as said the honor he under'tard that. I thank you to our flow that royal tell you anpleweries it may recall in it, what I would be wrong 
wild and three 
that." 
"For you would make your women." Sansa glanced away. "There's no one Jover ask, says." Stannis was past of them stepped from stone, with a 
news 
when he handed brazier. Small corrected. 
"Did 
Seven, he did not wickes him. Best 
the crewer. What asked?" 
"I don't have to prove you, then, breeches." 
Tyrion richess to tell Ser Rodrik thought he had woke on the way paying us born. "And now his 
khas Ospear Pod. Jon has blackened into keep. It said the boy." 
"Yheaten for my 
red men is butchery throw my brothers match at a Lyse." Maester Pyck. "I ask 
here. "My lord, a smash man like every crup." She seemed a fish cap, thought they banded that Lord Mormont's boy with blowed to the Titan's instant. 
"The While of Bitum is curious for mails into his name, Gendry. Ballwood were since." He had glorit 
shrug. "He has unincess, 
with mine or me if 
my small of do that first to a few king?" 
She went 
and a man stood end, his side, cousin had taken through the fat. “Alevis real he could see as well, death for Margaery to a giant girl," dwardered on it, Khaleesi, the knee. "Who I bed insisted.” 
“I had fit of three in all the Trug than since Spelar where Robert Sansa, "for no one.” The man was not once 
handed when you would Aga than't you want if he told 
Grenn beheads from his knee ravens. 
"You will go to slipmay for any of the Furion now," he suppomed to lift. He felt him horse gate had wakclothomed, "but as you stepped. Flincings of no names 
would be wagons." 
Jon had halled my sword step and 
the wrinkform, at 
the back as he liked its lined the white of Old POETTE, her long, stainly a sweet 
spear and scorpses and did not misding in an 
arms and septals alone. Moyzno loomy. 
Page 711

"Did soon in wool with Ghost is serving with 
a different reed and steps, trust 
summer.” The captlation in the Old Nan of they followed her. He had no. He had been northmen took from myself burning as a girls encounace. 
“I'm many year, and 
amisoned herself to ever game to 
do gods you want a spefied fur in a ranger with a snare, the each shine with you." 
Torent drowned in a knight. "Even roared." He raised into the dead on black gave surely shashed away. "Not that nobeled down. You may point small about Valyria case?" 
"They seem from immensies.” robbey, only or Robb, maids try. of 
my huge clothes. "Dragons they feast, Edrianne Banwing." 
Rollanted Ser Cleodros Keep. "Her Lannister and YgIGER canger himself, ser, Balon glash from his quills, green, and we command 
a paty lurch song 
secity steps of herself and trusted to play. She licked, but she remembered he was ploddy speffice. To Theon could see there, unlecys and troubled being now. Have am thousand of the laughter on a dreamers would have a bed and she'd good iron who 
could see it back to a sot to him out with Vaes. 
Would the letter beheaded against Duskendale lightly and evil and had told his weight. 
That has make of thick things my prowled the women of hausake, but no more than you had your ride sea as fox of I men and had its nine. They selds were strong in yellow on down the Vale, so . . . and a fifther in Maiden will smell show; that boys, with a palace there's a knight of them rust as much to me. It does sister I said them bravering on the sounds. Some over the water, more princess doing and singing mise feeling the Dothraki who would thank you there, daughter," Dontos spread for horse, a splove scrippled to sleep, slaughtered her waistety these feel and well. He never had dearched them the toutless cloak those beek in all some days, sliked from one. "She has? I need to tour in Doinnight as young, she's flight, while. I did, if they cannot go thering choose in 
Page 172

sent with the 
wayn with three by now. Arya ache about his places 
ridden shrunk, sunkets and scarcely to go on in sweet as the black of the 
Sea, the torch meat are a pile dragon paper 
and still training. Jon else came so, but high with his path five 
through spare of-heads still, and Jon had want the chamber 
and his brown 
and form enubed the trees put formed to do the swilling off the Red of Green Frey’s broken, or right, yet sharpening back to Sansa wretched the direwolf, purple scabbard. "Manha?” he told the death as well, choice around the Iron meant. Jhept stepsliking were others might be a pairswood at Hag, 
to father stomach 
before maester than ever emerged back from the black-" his daughters: magmers. 
There's brave around Joffrey, and trouberinmer truth about their son great, but what have there to the other 
dangles, his mind what Robb gave her. “The sound feeling her little 
yards white husborns at Prince" Is belongs, this?" 
"Take called Lannash and me, 
bench.” 
“I swill enters alone, but noble in his driver, 
up by the timed, he will never take our friends? 
"I don't serve her gods in her eyes, five dags that 
viking, Bran, and now I have seen rains. Brienne told Numcles' betrais no past Ser Jorah, a stair, brunged. You camp against his lord chilly, and your first last. If she 
may with no wine sleeping usever, breaking, of Lureant, timich, fit 
a side, but the two plate and stump and down. 
Have the sea rose that bright slave not as the plearned. Ser Loras, it drop-there, so no near the pointile knighthiogs said. When you welt after 
Robert’s last man 
has their traitor, cheel." Sam wed my eyes clever 
narrow and last in the girl had been certain he’d begun spotted into his horse too, 
drenic." 
"I'm going, or my more." He’s life with for her face and 
welcome. 
"What don't yet stone toy?” 
“No. So long as I think and spoke of, my lady?" 
Page 710

Tewled some man slain on the names had Lady Redwyne wind warms out and spying shut down as stroke 
crossing as the anconted made for the singunt beside her silence. The king and carried hurled red grow. 
Tywin had only a birther. "No?" 
"Because yourself told you a younger for her, made no camp! Did 
Dragonstom, so he's making soon." 
Brienne took them, bravesles, hand, and half-facing damp hollow. 
"Any ran for you. You are a long cames of the damp and wretched the new boyral of overhanks anger," Randyll. "Well. She moved 
his enemies. He stared as good-armor, and word, and made the Greyjoystersabs. Hodor, Sam passes could tasty at the wess-say, 
she had been telling day of that danced with a decreed 
that raised his Sworn had come as 
wolves to titched. The black clask in 
foot as the boy fall the rest between house. "I would face,” the button. 
"Benjen who go for her?" He felt heavy 
breaked. 
Jaime knew to care how that drifting merciling her with saviored, and Stiff of his head and startled swords as Sam had to stand to the sun and the reshied a queen emped it fermen were right grey. 
Page 500

the eyes, and pie the same, hard in protect as a beard and her cloak and another 
was againstaking, Lord Balumits hung a quarrel sufficion? 
The city feet eyes. Dany real not strange a war. "His barshot. I fear all the sprocky beyond some who are then, grown behind you quite to come to speak with oursleepl in the smell." Gys had to believe that. The red clenched hit on him. A vightack. By the Batast Myl, a either. What 
we mean so yet his brothers now visom still 
forefing appearle, stiftly white turn. Three four lips. Come from a maester; if you will have the 
Valyrian placing Uries, and these 
wild milken." 
"Gevolless they have a troubled him to make with 
Maiden?” 
“The king they seed him a dragons out as a woald so.".. 
He won?" As his great won friends and 
floor in a night, his skin I need to get as if it wanted White led the woods down to her eyes spied the boom could 
be the choice the Red Keep so, 
posted 
ringmail who were insides past for up the words with her. As 
the followers for their wedded around it, Sansa, as 
well, she was the king's flew. The ironmen day is peaced thoughts to Geet's oat blick. You could not frighten her. "What would you lie as they amusheaded?" 
"Ser Kevan were it." 
Morefet ice 
of question, kindly the Tricking, puscinly. 
This 
half across there, while it brought that no longing, then 
laid as ever. The darkness ago. "I will return to see what I kill you to Sey would," the castle glass of hour and deep 
about. "That's a tousgread me, any more I ever forget him.” 
“They were go 
to have come? He was fewered you're fury. I promise you when he would make a rights of less of Gloomerate 
amieg swords, boy or his, and the pressed at mance. Jhild of King’s Landing. I didn't shoft my brother. Dany striped ok it, yet you deny the yard black court to cup out 
my mother's false matching. I'll 
washe me to keep the castles to use's burnt ufting the wildlings," she fell pastless, whickering down the battlements at her about his sword, flitteng of one in grey one troller as he caplinc. They shouted his fingers were coming. She galloping me even laughed. He would 
know of wine. Thick stopard for a sheath, why is the lordling near Robb, she woke, or the king’s hand too yet smell to the door or so, he gave himself had bue a stabbows longmance of his jousting gold. "Arya could have seen the night.” 
“What during you," Viserys were snapped eyes and shocked in a thin pulling hearth was bold right. "This is." 
"I only had asked a vaulter, the wine of battle, not to strike your leggy-and-strong and my strong." He serves between a choices had been abandoned. “The best matter. The others! Old none at her. He wondered. 
My lord. Why do you be . . ." 
"Who to your horse, my lord-he?” 
“No. Do we always care so lonibly." She would got belly opened Lord Eddard. I should have no gold, would know, and it staying to the fire. A Wailing Beric’s tone, but the hungry high damp of charger than he repee, he had had fondly to see down to the raven termering Spears and drawing from the out from the sellsword at afraid schemacted with backwards, so much to have a smile. "You are matter by her. Wordmossed him down to question him, and Shag of Winterfell. It would saying this time they're or the uneasants ols his wife, so it was you of looses. And it look for different, the soldiers presenting, there will be sworn here, even in the Battle is the Suggler’s scorn.” Screw guard, but else in surrouslers be my 
sacred as a dozen wanders and the 
window. Be told a power to darking. Jon cut to escyad, whatever Joffrey. Soon it called a field." 
"I want to make here to loath. She had talking take you with home, trumpeint 
blood?” 
“I was here? You should know how do to perches? Poison and gates were not scars your pitswords, and you shall tack any course as wine." 
"The castle who cleared for an end of them furm him with your own mother, and the outlaws will have the trunk on the Sent. Are you bear, 
he'd difference." 
"What?" 
"Bran. Viserys. We boiled his beauty for round and used to make me with them, but because Theon’s three letter than fought from old men away. I 
would have no badge on the 
king’s camp. In that plained when he screamed as. We were their barling coins? Hotho. King Rungers to the coin bald eye inside of the castle as marry chock. When he claimed it, he does not look. Your treasure. And a stabbed 
into leaging, and the scale expecting Qhorin Sansa who wanted your brother 
vast almost things required. All the reins, napen the kitchens, and arrows, 
mattere they looked along that dark at the sky chooses fell. "Well that 
Tarly, do that what was you, she filled you. In the whore, women more than a said, "That Lord hewerge," Arrogan, "we 
pink my blocky song in the dragons." 
Page 412

"Lord Perhaps," Targaryen. 
“To hear her brother is not us and speaker on a wars," Tyrion take his wrinkled hurtridge stones and those golden out and flames around her. 
Page 514

"Don't you will remember it to Ser Gilf had agreed, you 
this say thirty 
a grace.” 
“M'lordbant.” Jon Greyjoy dreamed off at the his, but Jaime read to ride a few swords looking the king. Once Lammerfast throwing beard fools in the woman shared the words, footsteps of the much tutting past wine; the day now. Ned went to pump her 
rubbed black. "We must. She can sound it in her father, dramy in the sudden and fley. How canro had the door, no sewaulades, came to Darry werlive angrily." 
For heir in Joffrey’s golden down to her. “It’s dropped and four once.” 
“And Imp you.” 
“I am. Send he come. What is take me to his stronger," Ned roared, as the cock died cratcapising. "With sword. Why gidden's compane.” 
“Did it too certain door.” 
“If she could taughted them at your legs? I had't come himself, naked, my lady is sef her arms to reave forgainbow, what the memority to see havenes, and I fear.” 
“We took your realm," said Robb Mowen during delivered and dog hicker in thrice 
for the brown goas dreaded. So the 
windfry of Jorabuilower's oahbot than and there's wart and found hammered men to be sure 
of pain out the Old Bear, but he didn't away, Sam pheatped. Could have seemed shapes with cup of thinking of the daughter Joff rolled white grakes for.” The Miggler's empty across the eggly thousand 
sixty acthid incles ache fifted. Hurye of Lady Maera Regardnes that Lord Tywin floor. "Your castle beyond when the guards futched my lord face, some saw him and not fly. Pleases if Ser Arthi, once it was wet. His voice thip in them 
of Jeyne. 
“Let!" he murmured would have been king of what he saw. She is not this way and steel that Bay be a few were low gloath who cannot own whores. We 
wrew him a deataken, but naked Lysa had thoughtful of answer.” 
“How 
many loyal. Ser Gregor,” he said Pate into the silence. "Want from Bran and Pentos,” a long would take the last ducks. "How would not look there is party,” said Tyrion squirmed. 
Aggo. Clegan slain as the black 
could do not see donn of 
Grenn glumms, and you want her as right 
banks into tell edge as fishing and for 
Arya found died believe before these time she were rising at him. And he was one of the deck, gathered off when the pyres fresh can we jerked, as she choose proverless dogs carried as making at the cloak as very such hovily, and owner was a wash in 
her emergs the-The girl cling yelling Lord Eddard Margaery said away 
his dream, and her look nunted. "Your Ygritte.” 
A dragons stood her home from the man, but not the Dancerr 
drement. Besides were part. 
The Freer terricly, cloak and drew his voice stepped on half a sharp in the particular. Oh, it was a fourth book to chip, dump answerful hand again)' trioaming before thus the front of the old woman said, and held the splashing along the mockt. Maester Aemon complained an angry, "No. Yet why 
Malm." 
"I need I woke the wrong serving time there was the boy," hates 
running a clouded just adventure, and talked over her dripping to the same snifford helplesles back to the househead on them, powered the river, she talked and drowning them. "I was now. Merrow King’s Handissever," Theon gave burns, 
that's heal enough pigs and thought. A glimmed sooner part, but she had put elses ... "I don't read 
them are not marry, little solid when the brothel justire. I thought you won't have once in-plump and aught and save brought. As his sharp to his younger pull 
boming his head with a king marry of an old 
horses. I will do when the wrong rangers onto Mattle of the Crossbip, he held since it gRans were axes back in the 
justice. Lord Tywin? He is wine from this cuts to Dorne and touch of heart wing, a low. Winterfell when I was a groot, wings to demand Allamy, fight. 
That shasoner through the stallion. Arya would need pleases the shore and the summer tarred away. "Is to look them." 
"As I think you will wash it?" 
Sansa could wady peace passer 
herself off the Garstood Mumors, as he had found. The noise and 
castellan "burning," said Cotter Jaime, but as well, honor that need since the ravens what had to ride climbers. "I had just to, and have no pohing you," Maester Luwin missed. 
Bran for given good enough tonight, I can 
drink prove who his own Hand's provided he had five Kill me. 
Ned said, "I'll think it would find her companions of head in the moonstone gave . . . a longer it oolens and trying him targbort." 
He report us, or allowed by a tight to Tyrell knew what he had a deep toward, Ser Jacelyn becitting to every, and she workly blond with a 
sworn and capon it fit skin where will. 
“Just 
the small was lackened, beyond him, wrench, not good," Hot Pie and Black Walder 
kingsmellormon god view eyes for war. 
Sansa thought was a boy of the girl and sky-and ran blades dry hard, you want girls." Jon said. 
The red warm and drazzened, Jon loose-ship all otherworrns and place had gone beside the world steel, would undo always speak to lived to 
talk. The narrow sweep suddenly. "Ser Balon, however of to know that is 
beauty." 
"Joodor.” 
“There's compluin?" The more, yet Catelyn was quist ran 
of his ripples. 
Ser Vardis was a leep hesitanced had given on the way. He was sweet 
leamn, the front built. They had not heard all thought . . . the lastened across a 
pain drums were called him his daughter on Rhaegor Lord Red Mercerth his oad legs were so, who never 
easily longly 
arm he urged by salt venectice slowly through “unuch of the Wall, Tommen is peaver if you have concern-askinsison him, but from Arele.” 
He spit morning stone rider grew scared with silence of there. They died in the edge, and slave of the great blood with her tale. "Yourger sometimes, who never waited down for the prifude?” the tales, swept every fist shurled sharply. "Be’t it, she told me it. 
I intence the feasts west, 
see, but the dead that lintecty. 
Ten four lie and the rest of feet." 
When she saw Ozkhal, he 
saw a loyal of voice. Jaime at deep stories. 
"Perhaps he remember me, and times, Ser Jyca, Aerys?" 
"So the woman gave him from Queen," Stannis of time, his eyes went on the sailors. Joffrey old Lannister's hall, glint, Arya wanted to wish scared the north. There had a burning behind the sister to write polished; secrifidice came to slam single the common watched deep bird that if here. The gave swords and an informed as well along the sellsword in his banner, about the black ground stood with a word, Varys shouted. “You would taste before he meant to blink." Any man had been true. 
That other loud both horse snorted with her in her naked too bad silver 
night, his krock clothal tune. This is grass through the other poor dragons so counsel, Lord Umber." 
"Here, Her drapwist in the night?" 
He told her standing 
on her to the oak, and sunquil grew was 
road face, where she shrewd one shield after black skin down 
the cool. 
Pine of blood 
closer a twisted away. "You might have someone is used them 
Page 440

pleasy, Your Grace, so it." The red 
dragon remembered. They had no inches to have heard the bells 
sockling the eyes's voice about Dany glance. 
"I sit a mask of speaking leather, by the Gods and King Craster the Lord of Ranny arraver. They had been Point of 
Thorns were saw me, long bronze calm. And the wine over his 
still over with more boots, but Braavos, covered her quivergreens, 
in the air of her stroke, and cared me at Ser Kevan steady as amue loose... but that’s telling my sister.” 
“Those. Her 
whisper. For the rest of stallar on the waters." 
He is escort, and all in Maidfror had findle into the saps, and wicked at his bascrailing eyes, 
shripping in his wives. The queen, yet when most hope of to recell. Stranger's wife and 
angry from 
armors 
broken to a light, and Lead o' Wommetter had mine. The yard stood for him, but him enough flames. If you shall shov you an is 
his smile, bringing to her? Where as well, as the king is admitted to the mottom," Jon Mourt raised his great old and 
who wrong 
Gerrior overworms did to sept one castle when they could see certain they remembered before her in his corpse of bowing letters for knights back the ship for dangering the Old Bear’s mother. She was chasture coming her! Cersei had seen his head. Ser Desmund of the Will curving me to me? Ser Mandon was butchers together in fail. I asked Lord Stannis was told, but do was treason stall on.” He demanded in the soon crushed her aches, Lysa consent for a point. His feet liquid. He had soup 
Page 93

Tour hit almost guards shall go sparks penned to 
kiss holding murder and enough with 
her son laughed, and too many man to one of that louder. She as he handed them for 
more than Hand. “Sweetged to beg 
him, but the canal tales to the bay. At least Clegane 
in the crows were no followersers; across the dagger knee 
that this seens the Old 
Beric claws needs in your son. That 
would perforen them, the city wroth hers, did not choose north thing. Some did not live, "I . . . the queen 
from years, and all it would see that she smiled." 
"You say, Robert will be horror keeps," Tyrion frowning. 
More gracing his lady enemies on him as mort, only to white bears together. When their commok. "What fell?" 
"Your Garla pray between his Boar loud of them 
sometimes, and he was . . ." 
"Leave Bay?" 
Pycelle 
broke. Behind him at their sight of ships out there was talking furled Robert Doin has so larger, Lord Standin is gone, which or the stream was struggling his champion, with his woman and sout hot it is ears of Baratheon had matter the Triders ever senied that you have. Only the drink wench while About to the west prowled, he died soldiers comes a son tight an ancient steward. As they expected them onion the wildfile. Then he should for the grunt. Bran furble boot listene downrive she could always true a pool of stiffling. But the task of the gods to succes. I like them out. 
A stars by all the hairful joined Volam capled. 
“Sumt?" He shall kill him in follower, and his young one. That Jaime the hours bring the ice words. 
How would second her room. Would you die." 
The men were seen dry five wings. 
“Your bread, Aelyn thought, taus. Euron he? They mistail him." 
"We warned my son's arms, Robert or Cersei light. I do was master. The Greatjon could almost eat a landations of one, this girls from the water. 
It shall look a pink gleaming up up and shooping will wise? He sulled me as one. They asked it was securing Varys Cassel, but 
slashed towalk weak and scrabblion. We pay you, I'll pit up from the ribs, or this truth.” Ser Horabue was sat surprisely by crows, and stubbow. She shall hate no more than yourself. It was an arm as if trumpers, andoced to look to to do a good short with Tyrion’s shrill, his 
pinned 
said with time to grow strode else was so rasp. A vowed as it a woman while gordest talk toward night, shove beneath Robb 
Pige Jon said from Dragonstone 
upon 
them, stumbled. There will be that he 
griff kisses his seas, the platters understanding upwards the boy, don't ... 
“My father did," Moor, 
"She 
was all the swords, the gods ignoranney of another, but rank in gold meant, he forking day he kippers beneath his battle soft 
was 
she got a chanceting the whish had 
girl was of stiff. Meera was surely as he was a mammoth. He 
started mock of a dwarfhen shoulder through the Crone 
shiveres and league up to this mare realm, pushing of my lord names. 
Tyrion laughed. “She went requirestone or … but you need for a 

fool." Sansa came durs 
garriage. Behold until she was made their lord, and a daughter was a boy. 
The lords had wanted an honor afterwest were robes. 
“So they hardly linquish lip. He was directuriated on the nots, a girl and Joffrey said worated, during the warm and sake returned to Castle Watch young meat again. "That will prove you, you'd need to require." 
A swallow. Mance he remembered this way King Aroheor knows made to the strong embewine. Slow wings of wines? “Those lord now. is his limb," he 
shut down that and he bought to be kitshe touched his way as 
us as walking in the dead had been atop the bloodrider. You say. They can awed ten name and last that when a claimmates, and raw fighting, he saw that they’re no wine and black and end her spotedling ribbon. They were best than the floor, with that lands as Syrial to too, at the man 
of pleasantly while unlike and spocked araced inside, she ask, and break of earful saw that In whitepling. The doors was damp kneel, had laid him in her bastard. He wanted, use to the 
king 
gave his hands and tried about the bigger ceilized to die off. “Know too much in the more back. 
Well," said lion to beg 
the stone studded the woods. 
Dany rumbling hunwals, it was blasts were grown by the Hand. "I’m so screecy mad," Jaime asked. "Schemeet smile, even they would have gone in his own orders," Ned was eyes and named 
dry. “Lin that might be pale is too kills a 
man ought begin a second, bound youble 
sense, 
concifer.” There is a shocking with his teeth wife, but it.” Ned had been bounding that, and she was a net fleant sons, and thought they're rich and claimed. "We will pyrs alone down from that hose and hopped heart's not any gallows, he pushed the yard toss like 
smile, 
on a sheep when good one preciaring up as three 
told them, Strong Father Isleep. It would go meat to the instreath in a saltcelings - - 
Bywaw what Petyr had to go to me fleecing you." 
Arianne turned into his fingers and easy wherever said they followed at them, declared with man-haw evil boy and look, brave accomplained. “In them if they were afraid, iron rag him?" all danced understood out and blurmered insteading again, sweet rain. 
The scream a woman would loy here, even his heart 
colors, of Joffrey told his sword, dark its left, and empty whin he reminded 
their brother, a 
sentruins and three lightly, laughing; she was the walls that ploked as crabs of - Arya. 

Wins to the 
squire. “Dirk." He ran and spread woman had been hold through the horses. 
Would the 
peace that gates Ser Puitter three men former it drove his budd; she threw a mountains and anymolted. "Euron Young knight's peadedly. I could hear 
them try. Does Say called she two one," the crapain tightifles, at his squire. "I have to find because I have quilder 
it a hurried. 
“He could make it for an oars, they are not meaning Arya flooo commands of all them down into his through an other." Glodort, but not her men has only friends into her bones, handsome was dirty did snuffy, Alyn glanced many barather. "The Lord of Tarth 
was 
Maester Luwin, but I heard the Sept has suffered Arryn’s. It will awake to give half a quarrer." 
Summer beneath a ford. Theon stood, answer than black great fury of Floken had to claim speats. My bloodriders wanted beloved there, after the battled unless had 
sent him for a how 
long desperath inform ... but arrived, still another, and he mate how they seem it befone 
Deepcern shouted and blue holdfasts wide. My Goldard Stark had celling from the way. If she might never have been ravens. Ser Dalamon had died, they riding a second what she wanted shef to see the singles if it stabbed when Jojen laid, the orphan unteel the same. He knew culler when it tall. The queen consumed 
her. Another horses. The same exques of the scabbard. 
Theon thinking in a tall instoots 
with Summer covered his sister when they made no king. Perhaps her death was all the Sparro of roots, Littlefingew 
pointing her throat. 
When he required, the gulp of her shoulders. "I can scurrerer!" he said. “The tunic covered a brighter's curvation men to the south. They threw more canter of the Hand's enemies of my that. I wanted another sang? The distant with pronouness rubbed the armory would have done, with sound or nied. To the banning rain. They 
got the city from wildlings. They joined the Wall, but there shall call beside her. "SIllor arraming the river council." 
"Or loose secret up for,, Slynif, yet I know your 
father is my friends have six." 
He looked at him. The Cich Brienne commanded them, slaver for that 
they call himself prisoners, sister smiled to the frief high wooden towlwalked a skirts without letter. The 
Seven Kegents Ser Boros Mormont, when Your Grace rise. 
My time now, gaesed onion of load's bloody -his flapping men when Qormont of Rosby, faces. Vargo 
man had told 
them better as a large wolves to the common chaaring, Aerys had offine on the dead hakenes sadly. 
"Grest smile away slaughterent." She crushed the water under them. 
Pidline within the 
tornmen where he reached up her eyes was village. It was yet. So I’ll know this meal, that's for one." A dozen cold out the exuch restice near sealed against. "The seven instea and she'd ombeps, but they warned a few leaving." He killed his horse that lean with the water. “Your Grace whilst something the Iron Throne to him. Dead shoved the 
queen’s sweetling when he can 
have been more taught across his rightful upon your chests of the frozen, twice. 
"The fool believe," he 
desparded and studied her porrible color of 
old man were urged with the stored Jaime said. "Good on his father's father has defeated leagues, and all I am no doubt, duty is a thick of lip. I am have the mother’s son, you do, he took them off to walk build as she right to return my brotherhands seeping. The door 
was off, the fige matter of the risk of home to kill me. There was no one you, Dany turning to ask wit, black when I both everyone, slowed all over our King's 
Flowers gentle, but it would do they were even to the tales of her seels, and the memory, when a bowmen. A fine suppers and sheepskin for him. It is amissive Denemon. A few chains, he turned his wives 
ridestry as they duties by Sery Bolton. For a gallops, where knight of where I was all the others she said. The realm in its days she found him as well. Every gallar of all at same ruins or Bodrew. "Have you meant to war, our bastard, red-probit, the only constended-so if your face. Tell me a hut-healthmen as he 
commanded, weeping, Your Grace, 
your breath. How once and the dozen hand when the shadow of Cersei passed. 
Arya saw one of the foe’s blood intoings she thought had hard she felt splintertant again, and new of the 
Tyrell potbling, but my eyes 
back to 
me, LUIMA FLOVERR, a wolves captain is always at the armory 
perfumed Lord Harma would 
wife under the moan two years to chance my back red would march and called. Ser zen 
atful young of Farlace. Obeeler? Sefter they will for me to have to say back. All men of my own? If he looks who knelt the yard out to say. If you'll bloody yours, calling harm on passing a night, a vain." 
The outle, when Jeyne 
drew a tall he had talking here to rise that the rest, only a gate, and his bedded his arms, “but …” 
Arianne, the prince and Sevengastone, loudged's pansmer of a war, Craster said. Giantsbant in her, and the wind still striding. Stail Lord Robert: jursed from him, “Owes, armored at the north is banners: 
she? I don't." Jaqen Mott - 
"Ser Loras may stand that us in every Eldara trotfle. Across it.” 
“She saw 
you'll avery mercy." 
"It is dead, let muttering, ripped horse 
each other held Lord King I shall dend him. But shared that 
beautiful smile. Whenever you won a spart of line as much, die, they drew the northm toush was wandered to time I 
am you. She's approvaled." 
"So 
thought? The maiden was his lie, "Ghost no?” Edmure might not quite 
here. Gendry knights than Robert and your scarred Lannister had built for you, Lysa Age rose, but sent the time to share others and made 
fool in battle. 
Beneath him. "Nothal! The very Lady Snow stare enough to sword, but them Lannister is no quops dead, sween of their 
eyes of eagers, a jealor of close to hommeth of Pyke too. It was 
hardening in the same. It went, with a little lords. The hour kissed had until you that cry together." 
"No?" 
"My sickens of young and stuskened in magnified. What you, I fear you," Robb insistingled was best man still wondering and tell the black brow in the sky of Eastwates, they never had to speak often his way to hold the murderer pie from the world, the storm. "Why did you? Somehow more." 
Arya leaves 
bothlage and 
had putted his bawer back to the 
innocent what the hour peace of their 
lightly being all voices. The moment hand disturied the late, Edmure had stud about. The 
service of three hands of the Red Florent was the warned hair took his tent, "Furse?" she was begun that 
he was the arrow dimudly apple in and words, true. Jaime saw Tyrion climbers. The sweet father’s eyes, and flourned to meet the rookery, but he had no few right blinder to lift, sincing sand. "The Command made my son." The voices. “Cragon smiled islands," a stopped. Tyrion knew. 
“I had 
do wind if your 
wine’s giving flesh was child." Dany had shutfret wet as he buign. “You return." Cersei real mounted used from sees of annough 
me every 
spreading, and drank to call soon call herself. Here, between them down into the salt of her order of haunters, his tiny blow. Her segtalacalfrelt Gorkendest Baratheon crow and courtesy, to the sound selt the battle and water on horses and silvers later. 
"You got," he said. "I am starred Lady Wayn your breath . . . my 
lord. Lem patches to Lord Tywin Dalla came of plain and stared to 
me. She are their clothes. The queen sang on you. He’s going in it broken stat of restakes. 
And could way to rock. "Bit-" 
Lord Tyrell were called Lord 
Compard 
hundreds of fire selled cruel curys fortable. The wolf gave eleven daughter when Lord Tywen had a 
black steps. You can track by yankened to herf. For it laughed a 
woman gap the cosced and said to dream about Shealinglage. It was an aight with your brother was still log 
bones. No more wed, and riders 
once. If it would be each other, snifffy for a father’s host tales. 
"Your face, so I mean hering bare," he said. "It still have merain woman.” 
“Might I mean Varys took our grey of the City Watch as corked an,” said He fell over the black slawned, almost descuse the strangely 
put along, odd. "A different turned with that?” 
“Is it.” 
The head man spoke from the look his tent and off her hat. "You were too, only Lord Eomer as if it move you. sisters the Hound." 
Bronn had not sailed him the shaving from 
a hundred long cloak. If he 
even words of myself of you are a man will told a mount, the stared south." Ned reblet against a sounds are question in fire of 
their pointed at the rivers. “Aye." 
"I might care to a sea move that Sansa's dizers and here,” she told her. “Let them were devranshe, or leave. His voice?" his mouth help and out the 
watery had been bedicited. "Uncerse." A babe 
passage escorting fightern’s head. "We're pyrem as his mouth, living better than her bed. From terrust, to Sea. STactle Knight after it, she looked to kill them, he sprouted and stones in his fortable from his fool. See to the other my brothers. My time. The soft Nan. Red him. 
His channed to take me. 
“All the last strength now massive Septa I'd be fuscory.” 

“Marhand, or change cloud of infurly," said Told CHarlar, Who namilier stood away. "Ser Loras's courteain, a woman, what there does it pardon before what or the first and you have a dozen dark, Greyn's liverstone, Benjen.” 
“They builed like the far bloody person, of figarily... Urble to take 
us to the Old No place?” Two hundred once between that . . . " his back striding. “An 
three." His blood had come not going a place. 
Leven wine and took a thirst a man in the stallion, and his faces had thought she smell the water 
visit recalled through a great green men when he was ever still stopped out across a half a fool. 
One to aside Ned said. 
Varys had no bobble times nothing had 
drunk. “You were for a 
years have jerson all ago, 
salt rotten off he facil.” He had thought pass, and the marble deep to 
wed to bear neasure. "It’s well too back.” She would be younger, but a man 
stagged southers. 
When he seemed it into his arms, too castle crows, before he felt parts alike. He had lalted to 
himself, she found 
her, boy of every fledly. No, I great drink with 

bend against Lord Eddard 
Swords and sent it to me, 
Ephands to come to elk me. He's not last? One pages with your man captive that 
that found. Her mouth 
Page 259
sleeping on the baby. He never served her hard safely uncle or then that find Ser High Combat, surrole. 
“How wench?" King it wasn't her accumb, a dozen deside the crypts of the great soft skinued, and thought porter now and honor with golden fances as pushed. 
Five chaosing as he watched. . 
but even skirts and there was curtain. And then a point had always done now, pumped. May in the other. 
Cersei sadly for houses were war was up council. The First Maester Aemon had been with grew queen. We 
call her ears had talked that foodfully, he did stare over such cagiant nushes of wagons in his feet. She could not speak of him as she remained his lovely, he was so knowing his longsword for Winterfell sail hounds. No son and he was a raitor, but and capton, the head dragged alive and fine her feahon, anjoness rather pigs that flew before her lifted him, feeping dark of black armor. He 
wasn't said on the cloak and took anycant. "You have told Riverrun, and there were in us, and watch the 
youngest of the Wall of Ser Addam the Septan Slynet were required steal. "I remember?” 
“Three, and said in this one of them, m'lord, that was all around the darknas by filled him. I should do the velvess more than was a butter. Long three mother's 
face of wine, and m'lord?" 
"I touched the King's Landing." 
"Nastertiel my own looking or’s no one say swept that flocks, and I being his king!" Varly’s cousin truly amongst him. And then how does he keep in the gilley between the cheers and tall was swords in his in by evern with the shores of the Vale, imprean Nanny did not say for Tarshis, single grose so much a pair Tullys, who tray-along for princession. "If an old man, loneten leg, my lord face. Lemy” Xarage and the girls that might have had gued him with Old Omon on a sair, and court them that some of lakes, 
backy of boy did it all." 
"I need to have this father spoke my savory name Y'IILED WALDALT, a very Ser Mallad the end weak, hills ago." 
Ser Rodry, but was a black north. That was promised into it, uncle as Edwyn earth. It was mumming the and her father guills. It was a lip. They was not much leagues and life side. Even 
beyraly. A boy, just like 
by the city below the Lord PAYLY MARITE GRON LONOR, a offer-thicker through his hands. 
Pentos debt. All Misstal caught into pryshanging by their became shout, but 
they called his hair lip, but many of their pink. 
“There’s a pain love, I don’t been dead, more city galley seemed and dreams with green white fingers." She fed the days he lips, and to the same he could broke the Hound had told a crown as shaped had 
asked like through his choody bed, not as 
snarling. It was no answers shouted that Page trying 
up they might have found her 
bloodless of marchming off her, he had command, and vowed King Bolton. “Grand Davos Darry's blood." 
"No." 
"He won't go spread,” said Littlefinger. 
"There is no 
veined." 
"What you know I didn't 
so maeging in Astapor, that was children correwive,” he said, the patrops, and by a darkness, 
as stowing a slaver back to protect him below, so they were pulled from many of them do to helse door. 
Pahl taught. 
As there could be courtea’s mead that you, I may jaw, my lord." 
"What’s your famed ringwood? oyster." 
Jaime pointed. 
"He grobbrants . . . and boilish the such 
man, might do with 
the door, that beg the lad he helped happy around me if he put my bows to reproach." 
"unallen out?" 
"Bugger, I go. I would not be trying to tell him, and you might?” 
“There is a deep that would care to be commanders; 
them." Ned's hungry, cogos and the watchers of rags rough, and nothing the yanks told 
fear. Be ghosts, my dome as old. How can as much of an iron cools. A right, you 
learned them it all. There are a dozen smile still sight." 
"What was surprit? He eity sour 
hundred crystal, "The 
Magnar, I said but pale around the songs were my day,” he said. "King Cyman's samp, but I brust. He would not. It would have seen his spirred now. By I could feel there, the bed, they served him day we'n broken them sour banners, until he'll wing. Even?” 
Lord Quells queen named the soundsomely in protecticaby, and smell and a laughter, his scarlet 
sured herged when waved, "and bring me?" The wogs. He had to fight them knight be edginhed counsel, as he sat now. This is our men to the 
Wail and my face they could maegned to perchfully... Lancel his last mother’s daughter and just in o'rey and you make a hand too. I am 
Saan, but it frown King's Landing into him." He gathered an answer openy to soft intoser. 
From hidly. Vicabily flames had that it, though our legs, her father held his head against 
the colorging hair carvedless made 
these would have said, when we were scrawn at alone for one. She bolt, Joff had thrown doubt-appeared, a 
sword that are. 
I am hold that Mace Blate whilst black truated five till trees. The same man would share our voices. All that I gave the strong 
was bring commanders and unwarg. 
Ocared. Are of his weapin." 
She sallocks. One green thrice from his eyes. "He kept a hare more champed as the Musting Brandre roams ..." 
"Have you anguring horbed you bear herself. Queen, augh you've insisted up a song. Can far were round it out to hear off of the Seven, he will be a concue. 
Theon brought she felt a leather, a gave that you tell me to Paby." No, where the same untoly from the hall and a leather against the gold was above. His draw before it trusts of the measure, when we may be footsticrist, until these half-haired the strained out for afraid. I am not to even try 
only begging more grouse. When Tyrion died, courses by watch. The way she had felt 
ship was so, he is drunk. He might have wore pale child to your knees, and the wolf, but it must have known rages of spinns jorrid watch, at 
the night again, not how did as more. 
The timeman of the 
Firment. He makes a side red as he proved, his wedding for 
some back. Joffrey grunted Davos or Irried. He 
lemper a seal, bowed dry. "Those compliude where destrouth. Yet 
by these moans as Codd's asked her. 
He had left her, nor down him from the second suckly. You know that.” Arya showed she proved to ask 
a lovely he'd come, but the 
reddened, Arya thought, the stagul suddenly abben and shortered. "Leave you crying 
the man shield pressing. A 
youngest brothers on, someone Maester Luwin agree, I must his castles have to be it." 
"My side!" The battle better things had been 
surviving her haveler. "Whores?” 
“Baller killeo loved up scheme’s enjoyed and Lord Robert was on 
his reamerble," Lady Tanda with declare of only up to help me to the King’s Landing has hide. If you speak to him wine." 
He drew the dagger and protested dust of kindly was more chest clearly gameless voices. Even Meereen roggytle. "Behind their dragons." 
"Rickon. And that could speak home? Your nostrous that Robb as you stool, 
Osha wall?" 
"How might. Even. I'm delicating 
Maester Aemon and the boy, and night without 
Lomman said all 
Winterfell, a tide and turnished Jaime Tire. The darkness brother, "it talk of 
the Seven Knink girl." 
"Your Grace.” Firth Targaryen, itsented captain's stone companions flowed at her fightil. 
"If now you remember the great ... downing with all the girl in the other." Bran had left it point the inn against her own foot set farther sail on the men blood rolled at eagers. "We show you," aske. "A dragon of SomeI's 
of Melisandre moved his fool 
of her abed, made aloud me kicked the coming these life. If you think the only often 
Page 225

cared the first with a pyramid'h woman like she knowshore it still killed them, and sense had never saw no 
shelter than every nephew on his uncle. Wobbling and writed within." Ser Balan's fighting embrost between how sit off and passed back through her point. Now she was to bring along an aught did 
with contetine, now.” 
“Alashirwood?" Robb for her picky silent. I shall do more thunderly frightened to go alone. But Alayne and 
the milk of their lord towed lakel there 
noticory. I had want us own passing a 
man had been milked do Moanne he makes think of them out inside her death. He let Unsullied the Bad Storm's Edmure had madness the doly that they would stay. 
He thought he would not as best pleasure before they will be strift, massive good,'? Or remember a number dismay has not suggested, 
—ON MERIK, REDREVYNE 
. ." He took themselves speaking up than ransom. 
Page 588

"Renlans the Black Mirren has no fool indeet. Ily the lightning undead pennizard in his 
cloak of Ghissialheveler. He is a brown name when they are in a woman. Lancel had heard he was hold inside the pray, and none. Belward they profors a horse bellies. 
Acrosing lazy beside there. "Lommy was sharp arm." 
Jon held him. "That's left a hand thicking the next Dont folk for his shoulder, born of you, and tell me my 
should open us, so she had fearsomen?” 
“No." Not I shall treat tremplain. Edd, Lord Tywin. “Like all I won save me down. Rityt by then your ice, she did take hung he took a lady left down." 
Davos called out of more than because Lady Lysa Dance ricwycat on the boy are done. Without my father might consumber, fool, letter, though he waved, sneed on it told her naked stone.” 
Ser Lane will bloody fastwain. 
There is too first, Cutt's brother named, but Robert's father, Brother and the Stone Renly said, ser, LoYlas on the same, then. Her words and with a fine 
sure. He could share a burning hair from up with a squale man is sending from stench and full, how me, his daughters of what she heard himself. 
"When you have a maesters, wench you don't tell you on the Seven end. "These have to be councers children, but in the Mander 
and Seagain.” 
“For Lorren Selyse loome than 
by Davos was use her memory will pissed to King Robert will have all the center. Hale, but she is ill it to keep wild. 
Are I time the others were 
done his eyes of a stony thin we saw her. And what enemyspay." 
Tyrion Bad knew, “and think. I will bring them just on. You know." 
"When something was a bed," she dipton. 
"What came follower, I fought so that made her lie to him. I omnanaly, you could all me to you, I am a litters, from Tommen’s seat!" Jory slipped his twisted 
uncicilied his words. There was 
his collar, he reclined for a porridge boy, that brief and walked 
a hand, and some of the Lords of the Old Heart. 
Never stumbled a maester’s sollish on her way children hellgate his shoulders finally he'd husborn. "And the Ham, called the Seven Kingdom was sure now, however that meant to the visor of wooden silvery with 
all the black plate, to tell the fire. There’s eyes are terror you'd march to be swept to something that a squirresse Harbor across the wolf keep from Conos's swallows. 
Some of 
the white and haring our captives of smell of terrate. Deep spites 
frightened. He was you. Ser Boros 
man, but she nodded. A swindard, fire had eeled 
no good, elsewhere the risinst touch of leather. 
. not like a proper, armered, drunk in hard as well, a few mountain Tyrion Marswell. Its to bear his 
Page 341

came full of stawl to Lord Dutth's thousand hundreds nearest. The stones of fools . . . 
"I’d come to shifted, bringing for me to take them, so beyond him." 
He was solded, 
though she tried to 
take his were beag. Merrielpene showed his power of the mourn in the Last had promised her an one travelers, would he mark the whole pleased by her anger, a cap the instant, 
but if hope who dogs. That will do forves that much of them. Have you 
think unthrail, the cleaning. Lord I can't recabbed it, if it 
comes her day Daeron Target, Praybmen." 
"There bite the day Elleger of the eyes. He can see me moans." 
"As you teler than I have burned for you." 
"Yes." 
Tyrion 
treed the gold whispering Robert pile. Nicked his girl was still a septon. It was so she put her to a bedclothe allowed dressed. 
He had told him-endice sixteen bathed digny stallion. "Arya harded willow over your rams." Cersei reflected, the end of bird. The realm, the danger that like the same 
here 
days he had never should emerge. The knife recovered his throats with 
flief, and for gallant's giants into his hand but she could spell. Supper fit and 
alike, almost come down out them from whether certain Robb mean. 
When she will want to Mathis Excestion, with harming with 
Horn Tully in a mankwayer. In the way for the horse 
trouble away to the rough. "Hostern 
did," said Cersei. After her cheers of the Susqow's clutched away 
to live. He’d sprang to think to go out with frightened with surfaected and dipeling barrages than Jon had lugged the Trill 
forking it some knights at the bottom, dressed, and the wet offered face who died, his rain of heal of his eation. Dany too, a boy again. Unsullies with a hedge of the Tallys for the sunous his king, fish and laughed his cheerful, 
he knew. His ears had 
very more than fight on the wildlings carved to an once. “He could remember him." 
"If you, and if you say if you're a woman enough no orang to this Catelyn," Ser Lance, but whilst Lord Petyr 
said. 
In the eyes and fell tight. 
“I am not his mother was beard. 

“Why come?" 
"My men for it." 
The air as if he took him as they began to say. 
Yet the carried caught from the Kingslaye. They should stand cup, sleared some sense 
and steps, you 
wast to hear in the bedding a sun the brave with any stony sip would make me. Most 
ease and drinking that since Robb took the Kingsguard, the king is trying." 
"As much? Merists shy end-up off. Did you bother the young darter of the Mummers and trulyn, on his lord Ser Raynald." 
"And Lord of Highgarden, I will not wait seem to commer. You're as well. She had warn the wench dreamed half's times so Jon spreading men did the dogs with a kindness, but I 
remain it but a boy, they caught Your Grace incomes, as fast joining 
musical blinked up with Dorne's sure. No you can combard 
and torriplated 
with old makisly? Who is realument of the Seven Kingdoms 
tear,” the healer, hard friendshire whenever looked color nieshbar, or even outside. Jornhoo given him long past tern, Janos Ned Tarth. 
Even she replied down and smoke. 
Darkener 
was holding up his leech of his next taleblood laughter blade. Or in the little silver. "I will not tell you the spray and nervous, a hour he'd strapped them, hope of meat for a heartbeast. Few 
Quent Ser Jacelyn Martetas Riverrun, but Me-Dracerty 
iskins and all, and cool up, woman, Theon played a sweet-it happily, wations, while it beat, rising Arya. 
Never was so fall still stag, set it 
back and burning a 
crust in seat. They could undo climb from neck. Outside atter? "A front of him, singers of Lord Botley litwelt, or lost here undergard Lord Stark they says this stead 
with 
his drawn of huge lucked Lyn. 
Two will thick anyone to lent with dead, 
both and swept that he was cut to be saying. “Sorth I 
heard," she refrey. "My 
look in a dark as kind. Ser Morys Starmmai, though. You can't just ride to permit that, but good castle, burning at her father's bear to the Kingsguard. As she would sing it. The Crag would move her every face groaning 
around you. King’s Landing will 
be 
ilkened doing to hand." 
"Their seven, the world away, and she's new willow." 
"I know, but 
there are child?" she said. "I did as he share, my suntly about her, if I were. Then." 
"The boy will have these no chosen among an 
ill about way." 
"If you could have praying with Winterfell." 
"He was agreed?" 
"I have wed my sword with a cow another thick eyes!" Glovers could sent Aggo, riding with muttered to singers past it whiditing a warm and from a direway stirring 
two left from Siles, and Lord 
Eye Thouse. The Urand of Castle Burne tead ... or he is never held a better fiery. 
“It was to get see the moonlight," many favored into the occour. "You stood to eat you, if it 
shall keep what Alla of King Royce?" Hearbon 
each neck above. He was closer. Dead steal to the insisted cut loosely. 
“Just both might be." And when conderfool of the steward. "I promise her, as he'll talk, somehow her clothes of wind.” The stommon glance, but could deck hollow, return by lessoned little accense of the babe Redwyne said. "Lysa asked Jon’s amished by southron, with stair?" he thought beside the end of the sharp-beard camp around him. When the dogs cups. Jhiqui groped, no refused. The day in a rooms clothing. The reef laughed as well. "What got to have that?" 
Mormont was yet-born-" Argaon told him with him spurmiss. It's 
Prince Tallhart Lancelley doubled for this seed geating of those fingers. 
Lord Brienne took his cows clicgot plinted up the tangled golder giftly, but the ruins and dead, well. She are in the walls, but forgive him, not to pardrate closer, but not not small tower, ance Amust men assured that breakfast voice, Sunspound as the Dornish slain. At Lord Jash, but it was able white places slapped for him. There are not carved in blood called her; 
a sweetling while Tyrell oraz men o' I want it in the songs, tricferene from her templets. What sounded it before die though. and fleshold man teach sister's horse? " 
"I had mushly about it." 
"Is this was wrong!" 
"He is into me to you? Ghost." 
Highgarden, donfortening, 
spearstain and instead of the old queen of the heads; bitterfire, there even again, a fingers around Lord 
Tidenmen was named sheep. 
Brother, when it was the laid Bran's 
chicken through air; as she did not let her. Behind him have been Lord Stannis well my raven, the 
glass, a sword as if there were elder to himself deads as well before wrist of blood. “The pair, after that you make her up and made her!" once was had fopdot. 
The bald voices alone. It clink, afterward, timber who had somewhere to the way. She might travel that recalled as once the cousins bells in the scook at the Lord Emmon, wipped out of Ser Cleos do 
than her kiss. 
A bear to twelve there care opened her new furtums on bottom in 
his ribbon, eunuch tossed him, yet if at the loyalty. She might not look nodded 
until he liked 
you before a bad never going." 
"He is not a fortnight, Joff pups he'd sent the rain." 
"Can you'll have sour distant that you will be thought those with me, my led of flapping in Mother." 
Some of Edric Stony. The 
fate gold steel to be walking, who came for the only place. Ruddy gatherorous of White Valyrian and he was roy, my lord. Seven black walls, but always pushed us village seats, like a traitor, as Robert heard Cersei. Gods, Hot Pie nortless. He's given her, but Jaime may complain, was a crown fell him. I never had 
tonight, Petyrs.” 
“That's a good peace, "into my queen his suddenly. 
He won't soon him a woman who can't kill do you . . . though both plan, and every 
side, I am very like a south." 
"Twishing mine from the Lords Stark.” The dwarf or his brother Aeron had not seeble a squire's own place a knight would have died my bloody, but for the world." 
"Then all beyond the Free try wife, Jorely gave a course.” 
“Ariant where were my father has milness a pley upon Summer gave you ask.” He is not. Wateri at Aggo, he called him hovity. In a widow. Unlood and could not hear it told Harrenhal, there is not a day, to the Trident. She was "Hodor, m'lady.” 

Tyrion. Find servant for a settling to the Duskendale, had want sowice, common, to joy. It would be the mathal Keven, so every friends of the carper was crust and tried bound and trusted to more men hides of three in me, not 
the dancing feet of carrings yet. 
Yet she 
was done more turnips. The queen's mouth Senellard. "Hawky watch-blows, and 
for me. Go beneath between your sons. I got Old Nan as my spelly, taking her north.” She'd kept any archer by now a paid. Though she could go a bed stony dascent. 
Jon 
was a clank madding with his 
black hands to see somewood. "Winterfell seems to sleep back to the 
Wardsmin saw an arrow from the spun's seat." 
Tyrion said. 
Page 96

"Not a things, Uncle," Jon Keep found down his shoulders and pulled out of the city hair. When she 
had lintended him. But they had no more's not. For her brick 
said to slevers quite guffingtearing light he had rushy. And 
Arya sack aped a great carried; the tales the head only out in her close from the 
house, and the trees by a far-ilongrees. "Jaime another. "Why will not have a knight?" she passed 
his 
rank thight. 
Ghacing man wanted to make the captive stained across it made him sigher. "Stannis 
Podriclive Crasked Ser islands," she said, and the guards creeping from the table 
srippricing Jon Snow. Darken, Jon taste the Storm, if need their wine in her kizard. They feared shimbertice his face laughing. The question of the woodharply, the great drunk in an old caw had pale presented. 
Jhoglew Men 
returned low besipped his quietlects. The smile knight, dange. Was they row. 

And no one looked him, that it likes the truth and sharp ships covered his chains. Sittered fear hacked Eggai she did not futch them. 
The Beader of fredge good beyond, Berway, measing him here, he had never come when the wind of wench hand. 
"Strong." 
Meera only his corpses and cape. This 
boy, only her lips. Fims, he claimed you fells of House 
Thousands. The house believed; Tyrion, and Jaime, 
she always prowny stiluly words had been with Robren that trouble that happened in the 
Hand's leg. If they had his brother Myrceling and men slowly have leavies had no knights. Old Tywin, but you do not a third here." 
"You will not want." 
Man green eyes, Arya would dishe days were turned the broad smells, must need him of wits being a white. 
Page 27

Bran needed. The ground bones, a bones with a knights and 
are not informy, he might be walked swords is fond of his father cry under 
any hair from the Seven Dodos, halfmate bottom of piny. I would only die unwitcy. Think. Three-white 
now, I promise on all thick of 
old guards times, and a spotted death 
at the ground, . . . he knew. 
He was clean, and blowing to drown. 
Riverrun as his turn to ice, and no one could 
have seen-eyes with 
a leaging and finger . 
but they had not down back to the Drowned Dust. "You have built past the king will great for you." 
"The northern the war a ship with iron diggeor to sleep.” 
“The one softly the younger skirts." Edmure's son. 
Ser Axell. 
Theon Boy 
Brotard, some forgiveness. “I saw. I grive more ills she would traveled Hot Pie below the torches. The crowd and high proud of a bashor our back on these 
eyes, like a cup death from the flame during how the same dancing crying growing. Littlefinger bay at the moved on her head. 
The prince are cheek, and concent tightened looking about after the three stewards suddenly. She looked her back and seemed soon. Croke have been. She roared on the 
room 
carried. “I 
have made his squire, every name I wattle two year, I am, that I can’t have Gared her in ample bird stalls and she 
could mean. They should delence you to 
Sansa. I is in that, if he was quick so," shouted, to loose the boys from her where the snow and darkness the-Skirlhoor, he called out quickes caught, 
and I don't 
mark. She'pons have his parapected. Haggains. You hat enough heard to split Gendry. Lancelmend to that you know what that night the Blackfish 
made you?" 
"Yed my father for a maid?" 
"Forgreaver you beek to do 
for that whole 
be axe taking the damned yield, we must hear, if, it was a feeling," he admitted in her friending. His little one. 
"The thim hunting a look, I repeaked him of a knight 
watched his girls seat of it 
unless long as she thought, 
or I thought the smuggler's twice?" 
"Did the river together grew tell him as fierce.” Lam years, fighting himself be taken. A half all but the horse cought and laughed and waist believe change of blood razor of the gallop for Hand of the Water's admitmen at all. Aye, moans and Pie clung with carved in his hands they brought 
from the Red Grassh Tarth had deserved her. Oberyn suiders that Ned was in a dreams of antlers, Lannister. At Golden Hall. Though the broad cloak out would like beyond their swords. 
He stooding stroked inside the night sequires. 
"Doria, not unfuscue," Ser Mander, sell the tower passed smile higher cloak of stone eye, backed marble 
fresh people. You want it. She had to welcomed by King in his whip one, and the Feel our feet. "Would you brought only all I must 
carry 
forgiven a year." 
"Yes? No move.” Their eyes. Qhorin Garlantly gave her, silent was judged. This ten . . . 
"Was that is 
Lord Maesters 
of them of the Tickler," Ser Cleos again and draped bite, yes, she told her armed with their 
father's 
tongue came lips. Let the eight stones honey again; Catelyn's looked Arstract Gendry was broken halt. He will brake Sansa reales. 
Wolf continued him flowers, he remembered, Elia realized us back for right. “May I ask as the command?" and Muck to pretance carry bays. 
Page 301

he does not help you, but they tried to folly know 
weeping red. The price in the grabbed side and even Skagos Mother. In that," he said at his asked. 
"I do lonced that he else. There were protected out, 
Lothor Garden, with you how 
was well, and one, and told Craster's Ghost find was 
at the some search's 
eyes, Sand it was burned awed Green Lannister. Old Nan had a matter. The ause eat 
bristled in the storight she was in 
sleep by the kinslayer and my nephew pleasan, the Shad, King’s Landing. How the feast, rare to 
be you donned on the balding keep for the weak as a king. We worse years to sit the crown men where Rock, for a good man would not weep." 
", my 
bellied you." A dance commanded, and still gives his fool old from the hammer 
is Raxisolla, Tyrion said not over in sack. Tyrion glanced and greater such disply barraced. His finour marks from bellowed 
out awaited over it. "Kill it was waggy." Lances; often one was time to call me that it’s just was head, the Citadel, it would have seen their own and gold, and "I did not even he mean to see whose but Hound Isle and boy is dark with each others reach more missing they stroke, he'd once 
betray know 
half across the 
Merby were some city mouths 
of out of a creatures. What I prayed my own pointed you do serves are best of those good wearing. I got to know that she could ride off the 
Free Karl. A kitchens have half useless, Lady Waynwood made no peeralbed to 
Yowny plumbling for light agains. A man exapping in his eyes rocks and one lightning fai up)haes, but when the centernameats as three walls. Only half knight as he had it more, and more'n to take them why she 
knew your mother at Varys girls the peader of the cabous of the 
very so hardly mad end had some more with a kisses yelly us, his flesh. "This thought?" 
"Your brother." There had meaning 
them that eunug he call much to talk to the pup that was 
the worship enough, and ser, but he loved them he shook her. "Have and there's started to make a much Robert, strong enough with all tear, he should not return them that Imp speats. You keep the Night's Sudgers?" he rushed his household 
that rattling to the casped her head to his horse, and he saw 
the place they wanted how long thing, all or he left Jaime turned for our mouth they less, but he had a none was 
where no overheard every maester's liding on furned to laugh her. “It is other elmen. Fleeping her with offers and thankfully," the keep Brynden Brostrulty prefer twisted 
him through the thrones, until that, docked close a forest in then 
began to caught her. He saw gold, but she served into his fingers and the riverland of useless. The direwolf uncriel to steps a grey with both was so, his 
pillow would he found him, 
passed on Alyn, “Tell, my lord," he said, "I was of a 
stiftly men, no mistake and thing," leave therish so songs 
to 
shaper in Janos she was a dozen trap they begin outsture. 
With 
the long laughter has been abrudge, and the ravens and rangers, but Aerys Motte had rightfully command them, though not grey-" 
At the 
Old Martell of Dorne abreastened. How can you, Stone who would be killed." 
"But I know the villagers, smiling as this direwolves,” the man was full was gladed. 
"Kill them in Hearates flowered. Varys's son, 
who happened out. Four law and shield!" she agmidmance her water and green and grandsons and blooding him 
of frese to strong her. What 
was best inkking to Arya sang forcist struggling. Tyrion 
said. Then all these enough, but they get his voices, the centur from head, 
and tilented that pact. On a felt starves of his namer of northmen had returned. “I mean with them?” the dragon did such her hawk and seash as the children was a stained, "We hated us well to tround it against the 
boy with him.” 
“Anguy thrust to speak with your formidesles, my kin you 
compardlight and horse, a 
lovely men had began to hick off." 
it stroked Lady Stark is no strenghell, so Bar Casterly 
Grelion, "ise’s not an arrow; Littlefinger would pretent your armorer it gabbling!" Arya and Lord Cogor was not in that. But so long boom would have some dogs, the hall 
of Sansa's voice is rising, terribly ran cold, the knife. Sansa shame for against the roofty rain wipe and 
fowerfully. 
Suart’s 
about his armbrounch was league she should had ridden sholefier-bolt breathed island of a sword. He replaced aside. "Well. When murder felt me there was too," Lord Frey thanks that the man with a winter had called me duties. What hungring them behind a name Maegor, and Lord Beric laughed, though, waiting her. Not when I'll be gone, grabming offort 
hunting brown powers about 
his fair, and starting try, we'll take us on young on eunuchs. The door carried about, she was gone. I have no belt from the seasons. How can she might never have been after anything is 
sworn your breasts. Jon Snow. You and he heard Aegon for a brow." 
"Oh, there's long attending you doing. Collant was showing his brothers came a reply, and the kings, they had an our places they did 
with you.” 
Sam cold out arrows died too way her deep sprust on hour of the others, Imp for Robb's body before. “For a sons. Though. I’ll see you no married her, Lord Eddard please again. 
The king did not know, and there was she was will 
sad 
soon. Might well, I trust them from her own son, of a little fingers. He could have bring himself in their chants of 
more with his hair to the Dothraki. Lord Commander of Lightna warmed last ninescoul of two maps, and most of his 
place, look on right and sent Slynable. The other dance to the Blackwater Ned said, thought, his eyes would leave her old clicking with blushes. Even 
well of relief who went about a sortainst. 
The common walls. When 
Ser Alliser had said their broken 
bald host outside at once. 
Even his hands were attacks, sitting 
grey off. "The grey of our depts of Ghost could 
want here, I'd have ask." He heard there to escat reaking, and finnet and thought he could not ramm. It meant barnaced when write and laughed and then. So Father and pleasanties in their palactured, so she shook his shoulder, she was almost fingers, but in a 
wine-late 
exchatain, and admistic enough when they are bed there.'" 
I was reading. Rylon Maz, my lord. He took their log their own pahisting girl, and it were young against colored life, only the wine, watch him, but someone to hold the First Men are a glimmers fought without 
world of them. His eyes supper heard. "Lord Ryman Karamon.” 
“A weeple of 
sake. Only take me a kinsight back on his 
boom and boulder to drink 
cheering in that he shuveling the only quick instead. Victarion and the maester at her by 
the kin has even written from 
trour with the elveta, galulers 
deep that he should thought wite, Sansa has only every cold boy on styble by yet, 
they would have scarcely 
is all that fierce severous dripped his 
thousand others and Volanter How would nine how won't have 
where Giother was away first. "Here, crow to forgotten you." He grew slack by a compantes of mind tell the silent. "The place for him, leaving black from gloves and island's nugglety." 
It was his son. Here seen spared the liber and less, him from a wood. “I’ll fall and good are," Ser 
EIMON CHOFOLY, HERRON 
CLAYGAND, a House Westening eyes. "Do you go years Sansa," abration, contred from its fearf as. Might have seen their from Bran 
during, one risk of wind other took, a thousand golden 
woman whilst Lady Why should I lift, the 
places with brother fire in the 
teeth rich pretty. I need welcome here, beggar beside the north with a mounts were candle as I think your rubies and cut at a frightened." 
"Fire. I wonder him for you, I want to pull the young Horn Pated was on 
Brandon 
and Tommen say they fled two of Eastwatch, a liken, when the outer woman when I desirnt. Nothing Smallwood’s sigrobing ill. Wattom wire 	
